2013 Yahoo Breach


I'm going with this one because I remember getting all the emails warning me about it.


The breach affected the entire yahoo user base, or more specifically all of the accounts encrypted with easy to crack security.
The, still, unknown theives made off with names, birth dates, phone numbers, passwords, security questions, and back up email addresses.
All of it useful for stealing even more information from other accounts with the same user, or more significantly anyone trying to break
into government computers. Apparently Yahoo did not initially look into if all accounts were comprimised, previously stating that only 1 billion
affected out of the companys over 3 billion total. It is theorised that the attack was done as a method of espionage, since a similar breach in 
2014 was linked to two Russian spies trying to use the info to keep tabs on government officials from more than one government.

It's clearly stated that the breach was due to ineffective encyption and encoding, and when paired with the fact that there are many complacient
users who use lack luster passwords and answers you have a recipie for disaster. Apparently at the time they were still using the MD5 algorithm
which has been proven to be vulnerable to brute force attacks.

As for what has been done since, there is multi-factor authentification, more frequent password changes, more complicated requirements for the passwords,
 and if you are one of those ones who does not use multi-factor, you get to redo all your security info about 3 times a year. 
 (All of this from personal experience, with both sides.)
on the back end they invalidated the forged cookies used, so that they cannot be used again, and unencrypted security questions and answers are no longer
able to access information, and finally they now use bcrypt hashing scheme on the information.


 Frankly, no one can get into my accounts anymore without my other email, which will also alert my phone, my phone, and my fingers. Gotta love biometrics.
 in closing it wasnot just yahoo who instituted these changes either, in the wake of all that ALL sites began cracking down on making sure
 the accounts were as secure as possible, including making the user more proactive about keeping there info safe.